Improve rhythm object and its docs (#1868)
cloudfour/cloudfour.com-patterns: src/objects/rhythm/rhythm.stories.mdx

- `compact`: For short chunks of summary content, such as a heading, sentence and button.
- `condensed`: For short lists of content that need a bit of space between.
- `default`: Reset to the default amount of space, useful for nested rhythm objects.
- `generous`: Apply enough space for each element to feel distinct from its siblings.
- `lavish`: Apply the same amount of vertical space as padded [containers](/?path=/docs/objects-container--basic) have for consistent spacing across separate sections.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Amount" args={{ amount: 'condensed' }}>
    {(args) => demo(args)}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Heading Amount

It can be helpful to differentiate headings with more preceding space than normal flow content. In those cases, you can specify a `heading_amount` property or a class name of `o-rhythm--{heading_amount}-headings` with one of the following keywords:

- `generous`
- `lavish`

<Canvas>
  <Story
    name="Heading Amount"
    args={{ amount: 'condensed', heading_amount: 'generous' }}
  >
    {(args) => demo(args)}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Inheriting Rhythm

> The vertical spacing applied by the Rhythm object only applies to direct children. In some cases, you may want elements below to inherit rhythm. This can be accomplished in two main ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vertical spacing applied by the Rhythm object only applies to direct children. In some cases, you may want elements below to inherit rhythm. This can be accomplished in two main ways, by nesting Rhythm objects or via Sass.
```
And then below, you can change the heading "Via Sass" to only "Sass".

Up to you on this one. I wanted the transition to connect a bit more so I made this suggestion. 🙂

### Nesting Rhythm Objects

> Nested rhythm objects will inherit any spacing set via modifiers. In this example, the first list inherits the parent element's rhythm while the second resets it using the `default` amount:

Reviewer: > In this example, the first list inherits the parent element's rhythm while the second resets it using the default amount:

I only see one list. Am I misunderstanding? 🤔

Author: Ah, good catch. At the last minute I realized that the second list in the example made it seem more complicated than it was, so I removed it, but forgot to update the preceding copy.

```suggestion
Nested rhythm objects will inherit any spacing set via modifiers. In this example, the unordered list is also a Rhythm object. It inherits the parent object's spacing even though no modifier is set:
```
